From the hardened glint in their eye, you can tell this person has seen far too much.
They claim to be a former pro wrestler.
They claim to be a former baker.
They claim to be a former millionaire.
They claim to be a former member of the Enforcers before falling out of favor.
They claim to be a former scientist.
They claim to be a former botanist.
They claim to be a wonderful timpanist.
They claim to have held the world record for most rubber bands broken in 5 minutes.
They claim to have held the world record for shortest time spent holding their breath.
They claim to have held the world record for
They keep a wary eye trained on those around them at all times.
Their possessions are guarded intently by their watchful gaze.
They vacantly stare into space, only occasionally reacting to their surroundings.
A prayer can be heard mumbled under their breath when guards walk nearby.
A religious text is clutched in their right hand.
They've recently lost their mother, poor soul. 
They told you their spouse passed last month from a tragic run in with the L.A.W.
They don’t speak a recognizable language.
Their bare feet are filthy and look to have several open sores.
They haven’t seen their children in weeks.
Who knows their backstory, they won’t answer any questions.
Mama mia, they’ve got a pizza tucked under their armpit.
The fear in their eyes as they approach the gate is palpable.
“I know Grant Saxman, please let me through!!”, they beg to any Enforcer that passes.
“finally”
They speak too quickly to comprehend. Something about a red headed man? Game jam?
Tall, with once broad shoulders, they now have a painfully frail figure.
They have nothing left to lose.
They hide their hands away in their jacket.
They are not prepared to be sent back.
They insist that they have family on the Outside.
They insist they will reward the Enforcers once they access their fortune on the Outside.
You can tell they truly believe the stories about the Outside by the glimmer of hope in their eyes.
You can tell they truly believe the stories about the Enforcers by the fear in their eyes.
The empty promises of the Regime have clearly taken a toll on their psyche.
They hide their accent well, but you can tell they are Cumid nationals. 
Their fingernails are chewed to the quick.
Their eyes tell their story.
They look totally lost.
They won’t look anyone in the eyes.
Claims to worship ‘Jabulia’.
Hey, Peter. Take a look at this. “pulls out CUMID” Oh, sorry I didnt actually pull out my CUMID I just said “pulls out CUMID” *pulls out CUMID* “finally”
They look like they are prepared to use violence if necessary to get through.
They lost their family months ago after the Atrocity.
Out of a job, no friends, no family, this one’s last hope lies through those gates.
Beads of sweat bristle on their forehead.
They have documentation showing they belonged to the esteemed Froehlich Institute back before the Atrocity. Unfortunately, that won’t help them here…
Seemingly, this person’s vision is quite poor.
This person looks thirsty.
This person looks cold.
There is a whiff of hot dogs.
Their eyes are hungry.
They were a blacksmith before the war, and they have the knives to prove it.
All their possessions fit in their coat pockets.	
They’ve been here many times before.
Their document has their name, but they’ve forgotten what it even means.
True freedom is all they desire.
They keep calling out “Tony!” into the crowd, and glancing around wildly.
Crazed laughter escapes their lips every time a person is turned back at the gates.
Moving forward, one step at time, is all that’s left for them to do.
They look like Hagrid was pushed through a garlic press.
They reek of cumin.
Their skin hangs loosely around their frame.
Haggard eyes peer out from under a furrowed brow.
They won’t give any straight answers.
A gaunt face shrouded by wispy hair.
An inexplicably rotund bottom sways behind them. DAMN.
A thick stench of rotting flesh follows behind them.
Their voice is marked by a soft timbre.
Looking closely, you can see a plethora of calluses line their worn hands.
Despite their current situation, this person seems kind.
Despite their current situation, this person appears relaxed.
This person has noticeably gentle hands.
If not today, then nothing else.
No shoes, baby, worn.
Each arm carries a baby.
They munch absently on a fetid block of cheese.
Tears leak from their eyes as they meet the eyes of an old friend ahead of them in line.
They are deathly afraid of the orange they keep hidden in their suitcase.
A raspy voice makes them difficult to understand.
An ethereal glow permeates their flesh.
A thick religious text, a sacred mission, a long needed respite.
They are on a mission from God.
Why are we still here, just to suffer, they keep muttering.
They remind you of your father.
Their lips quiver with anticipation.
Lustful eyes stare out from behind a thick veneer of makeup.
A quick brown fox jumps over the log.
Your eyes have met with this person’s for the third time now.
Ragged breaths escape their lips.
Their gaze remains cast to the ground.
A hint of rebellion remains in their expression.
Their will to fight back has been all but removed.
They insist they’re not like the others in line.
Their undergarments are bulging with paraphernalia.
Their ID card is glazed like a donut.
Once, they possessed great power.
They tremble under the weight of their body.
Their brow is knit together with worry.
Scott once gave them a golden scepter. They lost it.
A bloodied handkerchief will hopefully be their last memento of a life best left behind.

